This is a head-gum original.
Piles here?
Hey, Pile.
Hey, that's up, guys.
What's up?
Yes, Pile.
Do you want to do the show?
No.
Come on.
He's not doing it until you take his voice off the soundboard.
Yes.
God has asked.
Yeah, see, this is what it's not acceptable to me.
Oh, we got him on the show.
Because it's on and right now it's there.
There he is.
Block the door.
It's so loud.
Waiting for Joel.
This is the episode has started.
The episode started this soundboard website.
Fucking me up.
So we're starting your prioritizing pile over the soundboard.
I'm prioritizing pile over the listener's smiles.
This is that 20, 24-year-old.
Oh, man.
I think she knows that.
She's on the show.
The show is begun.
The new year.
Yeah, I'm out here on the show.
Yeah, to be clear.
Oh, has been going through the show.
To get back to the bathroom.
The bathroom.
Joel waited.
And you said you could finally go pee.
He finally left.
And then you started the show.
Joel's coming soon.
And we need your saying.
It's so loud.
The chaos in the New York studios.
Not my fault.
Yeah, I mean.
Why?
Because I'm too calm and collected.
By the way, I'm coming here.
The text is already to go.
I was leaving right now.
See you.
Appreciate you.
We got him.
This episode's going to stay with pile.
With child.
Wednesday.
Sorry, Thursday.
January 18th.
It's the year of our CEO.
I'm actually not the CEO.
What?
Yeah, that's Marty.
Who gave him that title?
I remember when that shift happened.
By the way, he stopped calling himself co-founder.
And he started calling himself CEO.
He was like, who gave you the right?
I think we had to choose like different job titles when we were creating the LLC or something.
That's what I was going to say.
When you were kind of, no, because you went from an LLC to an incorporated.
Yeah.
And that was sort of when I sort of noticed not only a title shift in Marty, but also like
the tides had shifted in Marty.
You should act more concussed.
I am.
Like you have the energy of someone who hasn't suffered for a month.
Five weeks.
Yeah.
But you have.
So I guess just slow down.
You got two concussions, right?
I had second impact syndrome.
Got nervous within an inch of my life.
And we'll get into that.
You spoiled it.
Because not everybody listening here knew that I had the.
Concussion.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Not everybody listening.
Yeah.
I Instagram.
I Instagram to photo with me in a barn cat.
You've been talking nonstop about this concussion.
I've been thinking nonstop about the concussion.
It's not possible for me to not think of the concussion in any moment.
Because I'm hedging toward post concussive syndrome.
Every waking moment.
Yeah.
I wasn't even close to done.
Every waking moment is a reminder that my cognition isn't.
I feel as if reality is 15 feet away from me.
I don't have peripheral vision.
And what's that?
You don't.
Sorry.
It's hard because like I've already been.
So when you're looking at me, you can't see a mirror.
I can.
I know he's there.
I can sense him there.
Sure.
And I can kind of see him.
But it's blurry to be sure.
He's going to make a blur with the conget cognition.
It is a source.
Because he experienced because ultimately Joel MN.
I thought we were on the Hadgun podcast just with Jeff.
And then Jeff invited two people not on the calendar invite in the L.A.
Studio to join.
And I was only talking to them.
He said it's talking.
I got a text from Jeff yesterday asking me to be on the show.
He said New York's going to be there.
But their low key dead weight would be helpful to have some real backup.
IRL.
So fucked.
Yeah.
Jeff, what if the concussion just makes you regular?
What if it works in the other way?
I've already found that not to be the case.
I mean, we'll get into it.
We'll get into the episode.
But you guys aren't going to be happy with what I have prepared.
Okay.
And it is concussion.
I don't think I've ever been happy with anything prepared.
Yeah.
That's right.
It's hard, right?
Because it's a mere birthday.
Yeah.
And so I feel like the energy's already going towards you.
When I would rather be going towards my...
It kind of helps dramatic brain injury.
You've been talking about it for several months.
Yeah.
Maybe let's talk about it on your birthday.
How are you feeling?
For a new one.
I was very under the weather last week.
So I feel like I'm trending out of this like flu like haze.
Like last week was bad.
This week is better.
And then this is like the beginning of a new,
basically week slash year.
I feel like a rebirth.
Yeah.
Exactly.
How's the peripheral?
peripheral is okay.
My lingering issue is more like a dryness in my entire head.
Like a...
A bit or...
I had the flu.
Wow.
RSV?
I don't know.
I didn't really test specifically what strand I had.
I just didn't feel well.
Do you get a flu shot?
I did.
Wow.
Yeah.
I guess, you know, they only do so much.
Cover so many strains.
And who knows if I even had the flu or just a flu like symptom from something else?
There's no way to know.
There's no COVID-19.
You're a flu game.
You think you might bring it because of the energy of your birthday.
You might save certain parts of the episodes with one line.
There's the people comment down below being like, oh, that was a great job.
I think I'm already past flu games.
Actually, the last segment spot cast I did was probably my flu game because I was like
Coffee and stuff.
Do you think Jordan had the flu or do you think he was hung over?
I don't know.
Either way, it's really impressive because like whether you have the flu or you're hung over your
body sort of like suffering slash dehydrated.
Yeah.
So it doesn't really matter what the cause of the issues, whether it's a virus or the fact
that you poison yourself the day before.
It's really impressive that you can overcome because like when I had the flu last week,
I couldn't even like walk to the bathroom.
The idea of playing against the Utah Jazz seemed completely unfathomable to me.
Yeah.
And today.
Today I could probably drop 15, 10 and 10 against a regular season.
Dallas Maverick, so close to any Thunder style opponent.
I know.
To really good team.
But I'm just saying like the if the defense is sort of focused on somebody else.
I can pick and choose my spots.
Austin Reeves style and make sure that I'm both a facilitator.
I'm hoping we take today and I sort of brush you off.
All right.
Well, Rick asked me how I was doing so.
Yeah.
And I'm and it's glad to know.
Yep.
Me too.
How are you doing?
New Year's say I'm not well.
I'm not sick, but I'm not well.
America, how is your New Year's New Year's New Year?
I don't do that.
But it's the Jeff Rubin special.
Not to be confused with a Rubin.
Wait.
I don't think anyone has been fusing that.
Or Billah.
Billah Rubin?
Jeff, if he does he have a kid?
Yeah.
Why didn't he name his him.
Billy or Billah?
You don't know what his name is child.
It's a billah.
It's Max actually.
Yeah.
He's a sweet boy.
Max actually Rubin.
Direct.
Actually it's such a funny bit on the internet.
I like that.
The name's Max actually.
Anyone with the last name actually, I think, is that CEO material.
It'll be a mere actually bloom in the fall.
Yeah.
It works for everyone.
My hair position is GEO.
Is that a cat?
From this podcast?
That's a cat Cohen original.
She wanted to make the soundboard.
And she did with that one.
Oh, okay.
And a couple other ones that didn't upload for some reason.
Because they thought it was copyrighted material.
I think that I can't believe I know this.
That's from a clip that Lauren Conrad a long time ago.
Someone asked her what her favorite position was in an interview meeting like sex position.
And then she said CEO.
And I think that's right.
Yeah.
But Cat Cohen said my favorite position is GEO.
Because my name is spelled off.
But she drives the GEO.
Wagon.
No.
You know, I don't want New York complaining that I'm not including them enough in the conversation.
They've been dead silent other than Mariaica.
I don't know if Joel still has it.
I just don't know if we're in color.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, it's hard because I can't see them.
There's no way to see them.
No.
There's a monitor right next to you or if you see them.
Yeah.
But peripheral vision.
No, I can't mirror because I need to use my sound boards.
Your whole setup is fucked.
It's not.
There has to be a better way to do this.
And I'm not going to complain about it.
I'm not going to complain about it.
I'm not going to complain about the fucking studio.
That being said, I do need to get one thing out of my system.
Sure.
On you.
It's not here for this.
She will hopefully hear the episode and be pissed.
On you zero.
Right now.
What you're saying.
Were we sure about charcoal?
Yeah.
Yes.
I just.
Because I was wondering if we might have done like a cola or if you might have done like a.
You're saying cola.
You're saying.
Like, hey.
Yeah.
Not like who we're not.
Kind of like that.
Also, I found.
I just sent this to a mirror.
But there's a pink color called China.
Yeah.
We're response.
Like, we're the China green.
Yeah.
I get that.
How is everybody else?
The first episode of the New Year.
I feel like the energy is almost there.
But it's not there.
There.
It's not bull bull.
Mm-hmm.
There's my birthday recently.
And how was that?
Yeah.
It was good.
Emma's birthday also.
Yeah.
Happy birthday.
Emma.
I think it's January birthdays in the office.
Or limbo is just a very, very nice.
I think it's just, you know, you want to chalk the whole space full of capricorns to make everything,
you know, fit us.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
They're just going pretty good so far.
You were filling me in on some personal private info that I will bring up.
Yeah.
But it sounded like I was going, right?
It feels like this might be your, not if not Jordan New Year.
Uh, let's say you're Sarah.
Jordan New Year is my year.
I feel like it's for sex in the city year for you.
It's a sex in the city year for you.
Yeah.
You're going to have sex and the city.
And I feel like you're going to like have gossip to talk over brunch.
You want to take a sip of that so bad.
But you are preventing yourself from doing that.
What's that?
Thanks.
Thank you.
May this be the year that they finally cast the next James.
I'm sick of the segment and so is the general public.
But while we have to do it,
me, she, you're sorry.
Me, see, Nash bets bond.
Is this sure you're out of the concussion?
No.
I said that.
I have post concussive syndrome.
Meaning I still feel concuss.
That's the fifth week mark, which happened.
What's that?
As have been five weeks.
Well, past the six week mark is when they were diagnosed with post concussive syndrome.
Um, so I don't actually have a yet, but I'm not out of the weeds yet. I've hit my head three times four if you count the four
And
um
That's been part of the issue. Mm-hmm. Are we gonna get into it or are you gonna just sort of we have to allude to
Trudged through the segment that is bond of the week and then we'll get there. Okay. I want to know Joel's bond of the week Joel
I'll go with Max actually
Nice
Emma
The um pilot who was on mushroom to try to crash the plane who I can't stop talking
You're thinking about and I talked about on the other episode where you were in hosting Jeff
Who is this? May never see a lot of time
I mean who's supposed to pilot on mushrooms? It was a pilot who was on a mushroom trip from multiple days
That got on a plane and thought he needed to crash the plane to get out
He thought it was like a simulation and thought he needed to crash the plane to get out of it
So then he was like held down and then he started pouring coffee all over himself and singing
Showtunes. Oh my god
And masturbating all to come out of his sounds like a mirror's birth in in the air
My bond of the week is
Ultimately gonna be the soul of Jennifer Lopez. I think from her new
trailer
Fuck off Jeff
I forget that she can see me
You press the button. I know but I'm used to it being the the logitech. Yeah. All right. Let's keep things going
I wish I had a bond of the week
It is my birthday
We're the only one that doesn't really like the segment
We'll come over and you made it very clear. He doesn't like the second only one that doesn't like the segment that's
I don't like the segment. I think it's just fine
Like it doesn't offend me in any way
It's a mirror
What's your fucking bottom? Oh god. I don't know. I haven't thought about it
Yeah, I'm white
Yeah
The bear
This is in a funny segment, but I just have to make it through to the announcement
Otherwise it really sucked. You know what I mean? Yeah. Oh, yeah
I
The entire room
Wow
Check that out a mirror behind you starting 2024 off already with a little bit of effort into the podcast
I got an MRI just for the show
It seems like you got it for the concussion really
Mr. it's mr. Jeffrey A James is the A for always it's for actually
It really does look like a walnut
What's that the brain looks like a walnut the brain or mine specifically? I can't tell if you're
Buying me they say like you're supposed to eat foods that look like the brain for brain health
Raspberry
Brain
In just case an entirely smooth can't only be in
Oh
Lots
It was a joke
Are you millennial who misses what life was like in the 2000s right? Have you got a hard time finding new or curated music?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives on relationships dating and music?
Then you're gonna love see the thing is a podcast hosted by
Grammy award winning R&B artist Brigitte Kelly and media personality and podcast trailblazer
Mandy B twice a week Brigitte and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments
Political pop culture conversations in their honest segments and
Relationship hot take conversations in the slightly toxic segment
The opinions on the show are real and brought to you by the genuine connections that the ladies have with their guests
Who they like to call their friends with benefits each week you'll leave with some new music recommendations
Or a curated playlist that you didn't even know you needed in their freshly squeezed music segment most recently
The ladies have sat down with Chloe Bailey moody long and deraim the kessons
So you want to catch these guests while they're hot guys go listen to the show
Follow and subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify Apple podcast or on YouTube
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday and visuals are available on YouTube Wednesdays and Saturdays check it out
Sorry
That was that would have sounded like neurologist at the Cleveland clinic said that I had an age appropriate
Unremarkable brain
That's kind of a sport is right
Really to like that it rains like normal and not my intellect not my intellect is unremarkable
Just the brain. Well
A lot of philosophy
On is this physical brain versus like your mind?
It's just with or without contrast. It's withering with contrast
So basically they put too much dye into my veins and it started to sort of degenerate
They actually did they actually put
Contrastin for not they this is the MRI they did end up doing a CTA as well
That one had contrast dye because I ended up in the ER on New Year's day eve
Because my pupils were different sizes and they say if that's happening you might have a stroke so I had to go to the ER
But you're fine
We should say ultimately yeah a symmetrical pupils find guy because that makes sense. Yeah. I feel like I don't know why the mood is coming down
I'm studying
Can I explain I don't fucking know you think I'm a neurologist? This is the scan. I did a zoom call with a neurologist
He looked at my MRIs and he said yeah, it looks like everything's fine. No bleeding
But you know, this was the only way I could get a screenshot of the bush was to have him share his screen and be sneakily
Yeah, I've gotten like an MRI before and it's oddly hard to get the it's not like images on a test
Yeah, well we have this CD, but you need the software and most places don't have the software
Just take a fucking screen. That's what I said. I do like you know fucking command 4 shit
I had to take a photo of my MRI and the doctor's office like sneakily on my phone
It's crazy how antiquated. I mean the entire healthcare system was fucked, but like the fact that these it
It's already no
No, no, no, no, what do you mean by that?
It's really hard to get proper healthcare
Well, it's hard to navigate the expense of a ship, but what do you mean by that? I'm not going to sit here
Either by don't care that it's your birthday. You're not going to talk shit on my health care
Actually, I hear good things about the Ohio healthcare system
Cleveland, yeah, it's one of the best cost bills in the world. It's hopkins number one
You've probably got the cash on your very good state. Yeah, but I wasn't in a good state mentally
Exactly or rendered you in the worst sort of but it's nice that you were there
To get the help you talked about how you got the concussion. I have no idea
Just like I've heard the rumors an anapiel or step on a rake. I want to hear what Joel heard the rumors
I've heard a lot of rumors
That it had to do with you standing on an elevated but soft surface
We'll performing some sort of impersonation that went south
Fast
He's choosing his words incredibly wisely
Joel's in court
We're doing a bit and fell off a couch
I was doing a bird. No, I was doing a very very tasteful
Impression of a Korean
Land owner
No, I was snowmobiling
We're in the Alaskan Alps. Yeah, no
Not even know what you don't think I could do. Call shit. Yes
No, is it as the Alaskan Alps like the name of a park in Cleveland?
We already said you're an old. It's a cross-country skiing
He was in a bad state and like he met Alaskan. Your concussion happened in California. I was in Juno and
The fall movie in the temples
Can't get a straight answer out of this guy
I was four wheeling in an extra
To rest rail terrain park and here's the thing I was having a ton of intercourse on a
Very tricky surface. Mm-hmm. I basically was at jumbo's clown room
oiling slick a gland and
I flipped and fell off the stage and then ended up in a CTA
We need to know how to get your head
Scaling
I was so amazing
shit yeah, I go underneath a beam okay, and I thought was like, okay, I was like, oh, I cleared the fish right?
No, I didn't okay stood up directly into it full force so like I was like
Top down
It's kind of interesting just that the joint next to the night of all so it has a weird body
Sorry, I don't know the feeling after a traumatic but like why do we actually it's a dramatic brain injury by the way
I said mild before because I was trying to be demirited today
Well
You haven't been demurited. That's not a brain injury. That's a neck
So it it hit you right top to bottom square like the tip of your skull. It scrunched me like a slinky
Okay, and were you with anybody?
I was
Pisted people
Okay, because they let you in the attic because they let me down so I went to the attic
And then at first did you think it was just like a well that was weird or you like something terrible
It's just happened and it'll affect me. My first thought was this ought to be a good episode
Your brain is so fucking
There are so I
Interesting similarities to the movie anatomy of a fall where I feel like we could kind of make a version of that
About yeah, just like
Getting a concussion and I can do a sublaying thing to me yesterday in our barris. I'm trying to get into three person
Well, not tree
herbs
I'm taking classes. I'm trying to better myself. I'm trying to get better at fucking what kind of glasses
So you hit your head so hard in an attic by yourself. It doesn't matter the classes
Were you with anybody and who was the first person you told that oh by the way? I think I might be can cussed
I was fine the day it happened so you were just like oh, maybe it's just a bump. Oh, I'm tired
I got to go to sleep. Yeah, yeah, and I had some wine
So you really didn't think it was a big deal. I discounted it. I decanted it and I watched in canto
You're just talking about the wine now. It was an incredible
You know
Just read also so crazy that you didn't think you had a concussion after hitting your head that hard when Adam years
Pre-wetting party or going around telling people you thought you had a concussion, but you just like hadn't had any water all day
Well, it's hard. You know because I'm trying to like make sure that I look out for my health and not discount any little feeling
Did you hit that hit did you hit your head
The day before my wedding I I didn't hit my head. I hadn't had any water
Or maybe
No, so the issue was I hit my head and I was just kind of like ah, you know
I was like I'm like home or something that I know discounted the hit I decanted the green
And much to my sugar in falls in which I was I woke up the next day with a headache
But I had had enough wine the night before that I was like, I'm just hung over
Housing water the entire day. Yeah by 9 p.m. I'm like this is this is something else so I call my dad's dog
And he's like I don't think it's a concussion, but you know, just rest and recover and I was like all right
Treated it like it was a concussion for a few days and it just kept getting worse
The headache hours the experience got worse
The headache was the experience
It was slowed cognition. It was my vision being off feeling like I'm not in the same reality as other people
I mean the scans are up. I don't know what else do you guys want what do you want you want another more detailed view there you go
Hmm yeah pretty smooth. Yeah the thing you can see here is the only issue is there was remote insult
to the corpus calcium
In utero
Remote doesn't sound very remote
Remote means long ago so I don't know how much longer ago in my lifetime you could get that in utero
So you think that's the thing that made you you that's what I wanted to get into okay I want to get into a couple of things
But that's the first thing I mean this show has been a train
Falling off the tracks for nearly three and a half years and I want to I want to trace it back
Potentially to this
Is that the reason we're all here today?
I think I don't think it's the reason I'm here today. I was I was hired by a mirror to work here
Well, you're here because Jeff texted you you said well, yeah, oh, yeah, I'm here today
We're now because Jeff texted me
But you don't know if they would have even needed to fill the producer
Position that you filled if I didn't cause the issues that I did
Like we need we need professionals and imagining a world where you're like group of interns
Produced like very competent
Video and audio technical people that then went on to work at the company
What exactly like yeah? Interesting. Yeah, like if yeah, if I had been able to understand everything here better
Maybe I would have been offered a full-time position like you did go to USC film school
What's that you did get the education necessary to do something like yeah, but we just watched on the episode that's coming out on Friday a project that I made
For film school casey side and there was no I did remember conversation with myself post shower. Oh, yeah
Get pile back in here. Hey, it's so much
I have an excuse. I have an excuse for the no gray matter
Doesn't matter and it matters
This right here is the reason why the show might be off sometimes for the next couple years
Like if I don't prepare one week because I don't have time
This is why so you're already pre-using this is an excuse. You're already getting the research done on me
Sorry you're in utero injury is the reason why the show might be bad for the next three years
It was more of a remote insult
to injury
I'm sorry. Let me check and how's your birthday so far
I'm 41 today
There's got to be something
We're gonna say there's got to be something more to life than this
Welcome to our first segment. I like to call this blame for the segment. What's that first segment
I like to call this blame game. Okay
Shake it
That it was an accident
That this happened
You're shooting yourselves
This happened because according to a hair
Kind of in a literal blood analysis a malgum
I'm so stressed. I'm reaching chemical burnout
That's on y'all
That's on god
I thought we were talking about your
Brain mark on your brain
Now it just seems like Jeff made up a segment to say that this is our fault
Moving on to 11 take four minutes and light
Sorry
11 is taking
Four full minutes don't be shy. What is this?
I didn't think it through
Looking at me
One of these audio clips this from the post shower. That's an example sorry just the
The name of the game is blame game
And I'm playing you guys some clips of moments where you caused me stress
Pacy that one's on you. I couldn't even understand what was happening
Would you need me to play it again? It's 30 seconds long
I think we just need to do it to explain what it was four minutes and light
So this was from the opposite of the came out two weeks ago
Yeah
Lead to love
And you guys were making fun of my ass for having one of the questions take full four full minutes
Sorry, what was that Marie got cost you burnout burnout yeah, that's what I was going to say burnout basically
It exhausted me that you guys didn't like the questions
Okay, and I don't think it was fair to me considering how much time an effort I put into all 36. That's a me two hours
Was you recorded before the concussion though all of this was all of these clips are gonna be before the concussion because this was the this is the first episode after the concussion
So apparently all the concussion but happened the gray mark on your brain
Bc you can call it
Well the stress isn't the remote insult do you know what I mean like
That is
Inuturo that is unrelated to stress but the concussion can't have been an accident
Okay, what I'm trying to say is there's blood on all of your guys the sense does that make sense sure?
Well listening to that clip it didn't sound like I was saying anything. I was laughing a lot
That's true. So I actually appreciated that. Oh, you're welcome the joy that you bring the episode so the blame is not on me
I might shift it on to yeah, okay. This is kind of like the French court scene and anatomy of a fall
Here we go
Clip number two
Jeff is like the cotton candy of men. So like he says that so nice appears before
It's not nice he said that I was the cotton candy of men because I'm thin in terms of
things that are
They are
That I don't bring much nutritionally pulled apart very easily pulled but pull pork would be better
Yeah, the part yeah more substance for sure. But what do you want to make sure you want to take that work because I kind of feel like that sentence alone
Might have been enough to cause me to stress. Yeah, but where are you gonna has a great question?
Yeah, would you rather me say that you're the pulled pork of people?
I don't it's worse
I don't even mind if I'm not dressed
Meaning if I was sort of bearing all on the show
I moved on from the pulled pork analogy. Got it. Well, you would mind if you did that
That would cause a stress episode and doesn't immediately refer you to a therapist
That wasn't even me. I was melty, but you know what no, but you know what Maria could you were there
You were there and you didn't stick up for my ass
Real friendship you are
I agree with that though
Then I don't think there's I don't think that's I did a problem for me. It was the group called the US males
That borderline happened today
Can't only be in
The Catalini Venus
That will go down into his sister play that clip on this episode here
Like what does that I put a lot of time enough for an energy into a ring
I feel like you were laughing at the fact that the group was US males right not you
Yeah, I was laughing at that that it was called the US males is very funny, but it's also funny that Jeff was in an
Occupel group called the US males
Jeff you were in an Occupel group
We really
That was the blame game. I blame all of you. Okay. We know this show sponsored by
Better health guys, sometimes you want to keep things the same about yourself, right?
Sometimes you've already made progress that you need to track chart and appreciate about yourself
I have been sleeping fine
or the normal and that's something that started way back in November
I'd like to continue that into the new year
Right? I want to make sure that I'm doing the daily habits that allow me to fall asleep
By midnight and so I can wake up and be more refreshed and bring that spark that jolt to that
That that earthquake energy to the show
Around New Year's people get obsessed with how to change themselves instead of just expanding on what they've already done right
Maybe you finally organized one part of your space and you want to tackle another or maybe you're taking your supplements every morning
And now you want to actually eat breakfast, too. That's one of mine
Therapy can help you find these strengths so you can ditch the extreme New Year's resolutions and make changes that really stick
I'm in therapy once a week
I find it to be quite helpful and I would highly recommend it for anyone who's thinking about it
If you can afford it you have access to it through better help
Give it a shot it'll make your 2024 that much better
So if you're thinking of starting therapy give better help a try
It's entirely online designed to be convenient flexible and suited to your schedule just fill out a brief questionnaire to get
Mass with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge
Celebrate the progress you've already made with better help visit better help.com slash what's that today to get 10% off your first month
Again, that's better help HELPE.com slash what's that thanks better help
Welcome to
Dulling out resolutions you guys have heard of Dull
Bob Dull with pineapple yeah, yeah, can this is
Joel has said like four senses on the episode and one of them is yeah, I can
Joel or Dull
This is
Resolutions this is the first episode of the new year right we're gonna you know move away from my sort of it
Trial in terms of the concussion that I'm still dealing with and move into where y'all can improve
Does that make sense I think I have a unique point of view
In terms of where there are holes in your personalities where there are root there's room for improvement in terms of
Y'all holistically as people as you pertain to my life and the world at large
So I'm gonna go one by one and I'm gonna give you guys
New year's resolutions okay before we get into it does anybody want to say what their resolution actually is
I want to get abs
Okay, Joel be nice to peel us often
It'd be nice
I'd like to reduce my screen time phone wise, but I don't know find myself struggling more and more every year as things become more and more online
between
game social media
news information sports work
Work like it's nearly impossible to
put
the little iphone dictator down and then at what point are you just
replacing that screen with another right already yep
Marika's resolution
Episodes any guesses I wouldn't mind if everybody through guesses out on what she needs to improve on
Or should we just more TV yeah that's what I would like to do I have fell behind this year past year
Well the real one that I want to give her is join a city club soon
What's a city club
Marika's been in New York for almost a decade and has next to normal slash nothing to show for it
Take a page from the gilded age and try your darndist to join a man hat and social club
The union club will do the union club crowned the Rockefeller family members of the New York City elite
Now let it allow Marika in thus suit
What what so it's like a elk's lodge sort of thing in New York it's a little bit house
It's like the 19th century so how house why is everybody not reacting with joy
I guess I'm confused joy is the reaction from the perspective
Yeah
Then okay
Marika what do you think yeah, Marika I'm open to it, but I'd love to know more about these clubs
I'm unfamiliar with them as a genre of place
I think it's like you go you'd play bridge you chat about current events maybe movies even TV show
You wouldn't play bridge. Yeah, you would build bridges
Socialy and infrastructure
So I could be like an oil tycoon. No, you'd be a parent in shorts. I'd be down to be like a railroad baron
That's what I'm saying. I feel like all Marika does is like make sure the wheels don't fall off this fucking place
I want to see her better the United States of America at large
Let's start with the tri-state area. Let's start with the Hudson Valley. Well, that's something politics and I'd love to better
The United States at large, but yeah, you think is the problem sorry
Marika is the problem that you know like the union club because the knickerbocker club would do
I'm interested in the knickerbocker club. I'd like to know it's a close second and don't let the fact that they don't let women in
Still into you
Take your rightful place in New Amsterdam history. Okay
Yeah, okay, you're gonna do it soon because that is there like a fee
I think there's like a $3,000 induction fee. Yeah, that's a wrap. That's like isn't that like what sojo houses?
No, so house is like $2,000 a year
Oh, so this is just three a flat for life. Three grand and you're gonna do is no
And by the way, I'm a huge part about getting into these social clubs is to own a town home. Okay, does that make sense?
So yeah, it's not just the $3,000 induction fee. It's also like the $10 million fee for the fucking
How do you have a damn suggestion of how I should get that?
I have a suggestion on what you should do and be if you don't get in. Okay
embarrassed as
Are we clear on your resolution join a city club soon?
Yeah, we're clear. All right, you don't have a lot of time for that one moving on to Emma's resolution. Emma are you ready?
Yes
Try to enjoy the head-gump podcast
I feel like all the people on the network and who's guessed it on the show
You really don't seem to you either get the show and you don't like it
Which doesn't make a ton of sense or you haven't understood what it is yet
She definitely understands
Yeah, I feel like I get what it is and I'm kind of
That's what you think but
I
Don't understand how anyone wouldn't enjoy the show if they get it you know what I mean? It's either not for you or you love it. No
Well, that's interesting
Here's my resolution for you
Listen to the show on a weekly basis and find a way to have fun while doing so. It's you can't. Okay, go, sorry go on
No, what are you gonna say? Do I see what that meant so?
Yeah
We're friends you go. Well, I don't know
Oh
I'm not me. It's the show
Okay, and they are two very different are they really?
If you can't enjoy even a few seconds of each episode send me detailed notes unpaid
And un-toward
So you're looking for Emma to get you notes on the show for the whole episode too
Old episode that catalog yeah, yeah because we I got an email saying that I need to
Scrub the back catalog for copyrighted material
Which I'm not gonna do no when it's just music it's
It's just for copyrighted music just hyper writing music which he plays on every single episode
Everybody everybody
I think this one. He's about to work out the show
Went on the show whether you're in a guessing or producing capacity bring a ton of or sorry bring a ton to the table and enjoy
Like terrible horoscope
Nice yeah
I'm inclined to agree. Thank you
Well, let's see what Joel's is maybe his is also really rude
Sorry Jeff is texting
Ali I think it's perfect transition. Why out of the net. How did you know it was Ali?
Cause Ali keeps moving hith or into their picking stuff up for you. Okay
Okay
Moving on to Joel. Emma are you clear on what your resolution is try to enjoy the headband podcast give a ton of notes for free
It's let me make the show be clear
Thank you. All right here we go Joel's resolution Joel you're any
Or do you want to take a minute
Resolution is stay put a lot. Does that make sense go on
So it doesn't make sense no
Don't go on. It's not an answer to the question does that make sense. I think I understand it
So I know you have this weird affinity for Philadelphia, but this year
Enjoy the city that never sleeps in travel at ton just not to Pennsylvania
If the urge not stay put then you want me to go all over the place
I wouldn't mind if you become a little bit more worldly just avoid Philadelphia
That's not staying. What about this? You want me to see my family
He went to Argentina last year
If the urge strikes to see a sixer's game or even your family
Exhibit the kind of restraint that Marika does during a Marika's brothers and don't
Understand the assigns
So when I feel the urge
And don't I hear standing
All right, I'm hearing a lot from of every Marika. We're hearing a lot from Marika
So when I feel the urge to see my family your advice is to stay put
My advice is to stay put a lot right
That's the first thing to even want to see my family a lot and then when I feel that
You're not getting it
You don't have the degree to which you miss your family is irrelevant. It's the degree to which you stay put is what I'm concerned with which is right
And this is all year because it's a new year so resolution sure
Amir has that birthday uh fine. I guess so far
Has it gotten better or worse since the show started it's gotten better since the show started because we're closer to the show ending yeah
Okay Joel are we clear? Yeah, that's let's move on to a mirror case. Oh, let me be clear
What was that an impression of Barack Obama?
Nobody got you if you started a business you didn't build that we have to move on
I know a bunch of people on the way helped
All right, Amir's resolution. Are you ready? Yeah, yeah
Ah
Jeff is furiously typing
All right, Amir's resolution
Are you nervous or you excited is it? Is there even a little part of you that's a little bit excited?
I'm excited because it seems like you're trying to time something up in a grand reveal
I'm curious as to what that thing is
A little delayed, but let's see if you stick the landing
It's hard. Yeah, it is hard. I think I saw Ali coming in
embody young
Fadius
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday to you, so regrets is out of view, and as they did it, he's flinching
Let's see you playing the size of a frisbee. It's leaking. There's your just coming out of the
side. I want to speak to the juice of the plan. You can grab this mic.
Oh, thanks. Sorry to bother you today. No, it's all good. This is the runnyest
flan flan ever seen. It's a very seropy runny flan. Yeah, I sort of, I think, you know, for you
to embody young this year is for this flan to embody you right now. Where do you get a
flan that size? A bakery in East Hollywood. All right. Did you have to special request?
Like, the trippiness and then you're like, can you make a bigger one? Well, in the special order
request, I said, a day old one is fine. But they didn't give me it. I was hoping they would
like give me a refund and they didn't. We should, uh, dig in talking to them. Like you should,
uh, have it all. Well, it's. You want him to eat it all right now before the show
wins? I love if he tried a bite or if he tried a bite. Yeah, I'll get you a fork. No, no, no, no, no, no,
I'm you're all good. It's his birthday. Just take you second. Well, he's away. I guess
we could talk about his resolution. Basically, actually, no, he needs to hear this. Yeah,
that was really cool. You're anything. And Ali Kant, you're anything. Yeah. How's your
New Year so far? So far, so good. Yeah. You've been going to a ton of like, I would say
locations where the veil is thin between realms. Does that make sense? Joe Pango. Oh, hi. You
know what I mean? Yeah. No, she didn't, you know. Oh, this is so weird. What is
more like off-site that I'm invited to. Is it like you've heard of this? This is my
feeling. Come this year. I would love to. I'll pay my own flights if I can come to the
office. Can you talk to them? I love it. Jeff, what if my family was in Nashville? I still
be allowed to go. I'm, everybody's yelling into my ears. Ali, how's your new year? So far, so
good. I was just cleaning up this flan residue. I accidentally made Alex's whole desk
area sticky as I mean, can you blame anyone? Here's, did you see my MRI? Oh, my God.
Pretty things. He can blame someone. I've been watching a lot of grace, so I understand. And
can you please for the record say that I don't have a can to, what is it? Can a
lot be smoking? Cannot be being brain. Cannot be being smooth brain. Oh, no, I wouldn't say
that about you. You're the vascular. I mean, you know, what I've lost this winter and
vascularity on my body of game in your brain, which is ultimately what you want. Right.
Yeah. That is not how I see the shape of your head. Yeah, because of the hair loss. I guess
we've never seen Jeff without, like, long hair ponytail. Is it giving you body dysmorphia?
Giving or making worse what was already there. Yeah. The second one. Yeah. Amir, how's that
birthday? It's doing good. I'm looking forward to digging into this plan. Yeah. And
then for lunch, Maria, are we thinking digging? No, we ordered Ty Villa, which is what
Johnny's name would have been if he was born and put on him. All right. Getting back to
New Year's resolutions, dulling out rather New Year's resolutions, embody young. This is my
resolution for Amir. Amir, you've had a few peaks. You know, 2011, 2012 era, Jake and Amir,
you were kind of thriving market and otherwise. Thanks. I'm okay. Thank you. Enjoy. You know,
I thought the fired special was you, you know, doing really well. I'm editing those
Patreon videos right now. I think it's a great episode of web series television. Lonely
and horny was a real moment for you. I feel like you went to the sort of longer form,
ig, glitzier, glamier, Hollywood, Regency style. But you're in a massive value right now.
Is that fair to say? Do you agree with that? Hey, cheers.
Let me continue.
The man's planned it.
Yeah, it's another man's treasure. Yeah. And one man. We're really good. It's from the
Marnark. It's from La Marnarka, which is a good bakery. Wow. It's like a Crembroulet,
but without the fun part. Are you listening to your New Year's resolution? Because it's
going to be pertinent to your entire year. Oh, is embody young and body young. Okay. I want
you to act with the urgency creatively that you used to over a decade now and create that
Jake and Amir musical, whether you know it or not. Whether I know it or not. Create a new
long form project this year or bust is your resolution. Even if I don't know it. I thought
embody young was his resolution. His resolution sort of all over the place as we found. I wrote
these in a fever dream last night. I am still confused. Any new works in the in the works,
any long form pieces between you and in Jake? No, I mean, we got the new podcast. That's not
enough. A podcast is a side hustle. I mean, running head gum. I mean, what about a musical?
Yeah, I guess we could work on the musicals. I just we don't really know how to write songs.
What about get Lin Manuel? He's in between Disney. Why don't you just call Lin Manuel up?
And then say, will you write a musical with me, Jake? Yeah. And don't have a mouth full of
flan when you say it. Yeah. Yeah. All right. This was the worst resolution. Yeah. Here we go.
Casey, you ready? Yeah. Sure.
Go Hollywood. Basically, embody young and work on a long form project this year. You've had a few
peaks. This is you're in a massive value. No, sounds familiar. No, here we go. Yeah, I think you just copy
it and paste it. Yeah. Casey, you've been an LA for almost a decade and have next to normal slash
nothing to show. Join a New York Social Club. Take a page from Geraldine page and make
Hollywood her story. Uh-huh. You've got multiple scripts in the works all worth producing.
Is that the actress that jumped off the Hollywood sign and called herself?
I don't mind that. For someone, uh, you've got multiple scripts in the works,
irons in the fire, all worth producing to make her story. Get the cash, make the film, and enjoy.
That's that is my actual resolution. We got there. Yeah. Why couldn't this have been mine, Jeff?
Oh, they were the work on my script, and they'll be listening to the interview.
Well, I don't know. I forget. I forget. If you know, things move quickly in LA.
Yeah, Hollywood. Yeah. Casey's was like, your college dream is make that awesome project and enjoy.
And then Emma's was like, hey, will you listen to old podcast episodes and smile more?
I mean, you're a story. I mean, let me know your grandma.
Oh, what do you guys have going on? What are you guys having to learn the fire that you want to point people towards? Emma,
you could take this moment to get some funding. What do you think? It doesn't seem like I'm going to have much time to get ahead on that this year.
I don't have anything to plug right now. Follow me on Instagram at Emma Rose Foley.
Joel? Joel Man Dunnaff on the Graham.
That's it.
Jessica's disappointed in that. Well, it's just he operates at a different pace than the show.
So I'm like Joel and he's like, well, Joel Man Dunnaff on the Instagram.
I'm faster than that. Follow me at Marie Gillon on a letter box to an Instagram and Twitter and
listen to Pitwall and seek treatment and go touch grass and newcomers.
And I don't know when this comes out, but exploration life is going on tour on the West Coast.
So Seattle, San Diego, and San Francisco. There are still tickets. They got a tour before the
headgum podcasts. Yeah. No problem. What's funny about that?
I wouldn't say anything. If I were tirelessly, but you like it.
Casey, what do you got? You can follow me on Instagram at Casey Donnie. You can listen to the pitwall.
Podcasts I host with Marieka Jeff is on it. Sometimes if he answers his text.
And if you're interested in producing and moving funding and movies specifically,
slide into my DMs, I'm looking right now. I've got a project I'm looking for.
Let's let I want to start with 50 grand, but we can always go up. I'm trying to keep it a
lean production, a lean crew. I'm looking at 10 shooting days. I think 50 grand could get me
there. But if someone wants to 5,000 a day, 5,000 a day, if you have someone wants to give me 5,000
dollars a day, I think we could, I think we could make a movie magic. Plug your Venmo. Maybe somebody
will send you a call. Yeah, Venmo, me at Casey Donnie, and just then just put this is a
forward of the movie. Okay. Allie? Um, please don't need to Casey's movie fund. And you can follow me
on Instagram at aliecon and letterboxed at aliecon and thanks for letting me hop in with the
plan. Hop in with the plan. The woman on the one. For a day one. What's that? It's like 21, but
plug. Call me 41 Savage. Are you going to call this? That should have been the name of
your solo podcast instead of call her daddy. It's called a mirror 41 Savage. As a podcast.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram. And if you're a concussion physical therapist rehabilitation specialist,
please let me know what exercises to do to bring back my peripheral vision. Leave it in the comments below.
That was a hit-dum original.